README.md, before:

# react-native-settings-list
---
A clean and highly customizable React Native implementation of a list of settings for a settings page.<a name='top'/>

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-settings-list.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-settings-list)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-settings-list.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-settings-list)

## Quick Access
* <a href='#install'>Installation</a>
* <a href='#usage'>Usage</a>
* <a href='#new'>New changes/additions</a>
* <a href='#contribute'>Contributing</a>
* <a href='#prop'>Prop values</a>
	* <a href='#sl'>\<SettingsList></a>
	* <a href='#slh'>\<SettingsList.Header></a>
	* <a href='#sli'>\<SettingsList.Item></a>
* <a href='#simple'>Simple Example</a>
* <a href='#realistic'>Realistic Example</a>


## <a name='install'>Installation</a>
---
Install the module with:


```
npm install react-native-settings-list --save
```
## <a name='usage'>Usage</a>
---
In your code, simply require/import the module:


```
import SettingsList from 'react-native-settings-list';
```

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='#new'>New changes/additions</a>
* Ability for an authorization-type component [example updated to show a practical use]
 * Allows for complete customization of the TextInput by passing into the two props authPropsUser and authPassPW (overwrites defaults
 * Uses existing onPress prop for callback
 * Preview:
 * <img src="./documentation/auth.gif" width="250">
* Ability for custom arrow image/component
 * Simply use the new arrowIcon prop to inject any type of object as the new arrow (with proper style formatting)
* Added defaultTitleStyle prop to \<SettingsList> to set the style of the tiles for all children removing the need for duplicate code

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='#contribute'>Contributing</a>
Feel free to do pull requests if a certain feature you want is missing.  I accept all PR's that are enhancements to the project.

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='prop'>Prop values</a>
---
### <a name='sl'>\<SettingsList></a>
The following props are used:

| Name              | Description                                    | Type                   |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| backgroundColor   | Sets default background color for all children | React.PropTypes.string |
| borderColor       | Sets default border color for all children     | React.PropTypes.string |
| defaultItemSize   | Sets default width for all children            | React.PropTypes.number |
| underlayColor     | Sets default underlayColor for all children    | React.PropTypes.string |
| defaultTitleStyle | Sets default style for all children's titles   | React.PropTypes.string |

### <a name='slh'>\<SettingsList.Header></a>
The following props are used:

| Name        | Description                             | Type                   |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------|
| headerText  | Text for the header                     | React.PropTypes.string |
| headerStyle | Sets border color for the settings list | Text.propTypes.style   |

### <a name='sli'>\<SettingsList.Item></a>
The following props are used:

| Name                | Description                                                                                              | Type                   |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| title               | Text for the item                                                                                        | React.PropTypes.string |
| titleStyle          | Text Style                                                                                               | Text.propTypes.style   |
| icon                | A component for the icon.  Doesn't need to be an image                                                   | React.PropTypes.node   |
| itemWidth           | Changes the individual item's width.  Overwrites **\<SettingsLists>** defaultItemSize                    | React.PropTypes.number |
| backgroundColor     | Changes the individual item's background color.  Overwrites default **\<SettingsList>** backgroundColor  | React.PropTypes.string |
| underlayColor       | Changes the individual item's underlayColor color.  Overwrites default **\<SettingsList>** underlayColor | React.PropTypes.string |
| onPress             | On press Callback for item [used for auth callback as well]                                              | React.PropTypes.func   |
| hasNavArrow         | Displays a navigation arrow                                                                              | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| arrowStyle          | Style for the navigation arrow                                                                           | Image.propTypes.style  |
| arrowIcon           | Inject custom arrow into the end of the item                                                             | React.PropTypes.node   |
| hasSwitch           | Enable a switch component                                                                                | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| switchProps         | RN switch props                                                                                          | React.PropTypes.object |
| switchOnValueChange | On switches value change callback                                                                        | React.PropTypes.func   |
| titleInfo           | Right side title information string                                                                      | React.PropTypes.string |
| titleInfoStyle      | Style for title information string                                                                       | Text.propTypes.style   |
| isAuth              | Sets item as an authorization item                                                                       | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| authPropsUser       | Changes the props for the first TextInput component; overwrites default                                  | React.PropTypes.node   |
| authPropsPW         | Changes the props for the second TextInput component; overwrites default                                 | React.PropTypes.node   |

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>


## <a name='simple'>Simple Example</a>
---
Here is a simple example of the different things you can do with the module:

<img src="./documentation/simple.png" width="300" height="534">

The code behind it:

```
constructor(){
  super();
  this.onValueChange = this.onValueChange.bind(this);
  this.state = {switchValue: false};
}

render() {
  return (
    <View style={{backgroundColor:'gray',flex:1}}>
      <View style={{flex:1, marginTop:50}}>
        <SettingsList>
        	<SettingsList.Header headerText='First Grouping' headerStyle={{color:'white'}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={
              <View style={{height:30,marginLeft:10,alignSelf:'center'}}>
                <Image style={{alignSelf:'center',height:40, width:40}} source={require('./about.png')}/>
              </View>
            }
            itemWidth={50}
            title='Icon Example'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Icon Example Pressed')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            hasNavArrow={false}
            switchState={this.state.switchValue}
            switchOnValueChange={this.onValueChange}
            hasSwitch={true}
            title='Switch Example'/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            title='Different Colors Example'
            backgroundColor='#D1D1D1'
            titleStyle={{color:'blue'}}
            arrowStyle={{tintColor:'blue'}}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Different Colors Example Pressed')}/>
          <SettingsList.Header headerText='Different Grouping' headerStyle={{color:'white', marginTop:50}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item titleInfo='Some Information' hasNavArrow={false} title='Information Example'/>
          <SettingsList.Item title='Settings 1'/>
          <SettingsList.Item title='Settings 2'/>
        </SettingsList>
      </View>
    </View>
  );
}

onValueChange(value){
  this.setState({switchValue: value});
}
```

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='realistic'>A more realistic example</a>

---
Here is an example that looks very very close to the default iPhone settings page.


<img src="./documentation/realistic.png" width="300" height="534">

The code behind this is:


```
constructor(){
  super();
  this.onValueChange = this.onValueChange.bind(this);
  this.state = {switchValue: false};
}
render() {
  var bgColor = '#DCE3F4';
  return (
    <View style={{backgroundColor:'#EFEFF4',flex:1}}>
      <View style={{borderBottomWidth:1, backgroundColor:'#f7f7f8',borderColor:'#c8c7cc'}}>
        <Text style={{alignSelf:'center',marginTop:30,marginBottom:10,fontWeight:'bold',fontSize:16}}>Settings</Text>
      </View>
      <View style={{backgroundColor:'#EFEFF4',flex:1}}>
        <SettingsList borderColor='#c8c7cc' defaultItemSize={50}>
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={
                <Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/airplane.png')}/>
            }
            hasSwitch={true}
            switchState={this.state.switchValue}
            switchOnValueChange={this.onValueChange}
            hasNavArrow={false}
            title='Airplane Mode'
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/wifi.png')}/>}
            title='Wi-Fi'
            titleInfo='Bill Wi The Science Fi'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route to Wifi Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/blutooth.png')}/>}
            title='Blutooth'
            titleInfo='Off'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route to Blutooth Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/cellular.png')}/>}
            title='Cellular'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Cellular Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/hotspot.png')}/>}
            title='Personal Hotspot'
            titleInfo='Off'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Hotspot Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/notifications.png')}/>}
            title='Notifications'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Notifications Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/control.png')}/>}
            title='Control Center'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Control Center Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/dnd.png')}/>}
            title='Do Not Disturb'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Do Not Disturb Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/general.png')}/>}
            title='General'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To General Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/display.png')}/>}
            title='Display & Brightness'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Display Page')}
          />
        </SettingsList>
      </View>
    </View>
  );
}
onValueChange(value){
  this.setState({switchValue: value});
}
```
Here is an example of the android page:

<img src="./documentation/android.png" width="300" height="534">

The code can be found <a href="./Example/android.js">here</a>
###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

Commit message:

Pass ref from Header and Item onto components
Currently, we cannot use refs with SettingsList.Header and
SettingsList.Item because they are not true components with render
methods. This commit adds itemRef and headerRef props that are passed
onto the components that Item/Header get rendered into. (Frustratingly,
we have to use the names itemRef/headerRef; `ref` is an illegal React
prop name, so we cannot access a ref function as a prop, and because
SettingsList.Header and SettingsList.Item never make it to the render
stage, we cannot access the ref function through `this.refs` either.)

README.md, after:

# react-native-settings-list
---
A clean and highly customizable React Native implementation of a list of settings for a settings page.<a name='top'/>

[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-settings-list.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-settings-list)
[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-native-settings-list.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-settings-list)

## Quick Access
* <a href='#install'>Installation</a>
* <a href='#usage'>Usage</a>
* <a href='#new'>New changes/additions</a>
* <a href='#contribute'>Contributing</a>
* <a href='#prop'>Prop values</a>
	* <a href='#sl'>\<SettingsList></a>
	* <a href='#slh'>\<SettingsList.Header></a>
	* <a href='#sli'>\<SettingsList.Item></a>
* <a href='#simple'>Simple Example</a>
* <a href='#realistic'>Realistic Example</a>


## <a name='install'>Installation</a>
---
Install the module with:


```
npm install react-native-settings-list --save
```
## <a name='usage'>Usage</a>
---
In your code, simply require/import the module:


```
import SettingsList from 'react-native-settings-list';
```

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='#new'>New changes/additions</a>
* Ability for an authorization-type component [example updated to show a practical use]
 * Allows for complete customization of the TextInput by passing into the two props authPropsUser and authPassPW (overwrites defaults
 * Uses existing onPress prop for callback
 * Preview:
 * <img src="./documentation/auth.gif" width="250">
* Ability for custom arrow image/component
 * Simply use the new arrowIcon prop to inject any type of object as the new arrow (with proper style formatting)
* Added defaultTitleStyle prop to \<SettingsList> to set the style of the tiles for all children removing the need for duplicate code

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='#contribute'>Contributing</a>
Feel free to do pull requests if a certain feature you want is missing.  I accept all PR's that are enhancements to the project.

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='prop'>Prop values</a>
---
### <a name='sl'>\<SettingsList></a>
The following props are used:

| Name              | Description                                    | Type                   |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| backgroundColor   | Sets default background color for all children | React.PropTypes.string |
| borderColor       | Sets default border color for all children     | React.PropTypes.string |
| defaultItemSize   | Sets default width for all children            | React.PropTypes.number |
| underlayColor     | Sets default underlayColor for all children    | React.PropTypes.string |
| defaultTitleStyle | Sets default style for all children's titles   | React.PropTypes.string |

### <a name='slh'>\<SettingsList.Header></a>
The following props are used:

| Name        | Description                             | Type                   |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|------------------------|
| headerText  | Text for the header                     | React.PropTypes.string |
| headerStyle | Sets border color for the settings list | Text.propTypes.style   |
| headerRef   | Sets a `ref` on the header component    | React.PropTypes.func   |

### <a name='sli'>\<SettingsList.Item></a>
The following props are used:

| Name                | Description                                                                                              | Type                   |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| title               | Text for the item                                                                                        | React.PropTypes.string |
| titleStyle          | Text Style                                                                                               | Text.propTypes.style   |
| icon                | A component for the icon.  Doesn't need to be an image                                                   | React.PropTypes.node   |
| itemWidth           | Changes the individual item's width.  Overwrites **\<SettingsLists>** defaultItemSize                    | React.PropTypes.number |
| backgroundColor     | Changes the individual item's background color.  Overwrites default **\<SettingsList>** backgroundColor  | React.PropTypes.string |
| underlayColor       | Changes the individual item's underlayColor color.  Overwrites default **\<SettingsList>** underlayColor | React.PropTypes.string |
| onPress             | On press Callback for item [used for auth callback as well]                                              | React.PropTypes.func   |
| hasNavArrow         | Displays a navigation arrow                                                                              | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| arrowStyle          | Style for the navigation arrow                                                                           | Image.propTypes.style  |
| arrowIcon           | Inject custom arrow into the end of the item                                                             | React.PropTypes.node   |
| hasSwitch           | Enable a switch component                                                                                | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| switchProps         | RN switch props                                                                                          | React.PropTypes.object |
| switchOnValueChange | On switches value change callback                                                                        | React.PropTypes.func   |
| titleInfo           | Right side title information string                                                                      | React.PropTypes.string |
| titleInfoStyle      | Style for title information string                                                                       | Text.propTypes.style   |
| isAuth              | Sets item as an authorization item                                                                       | React.PropTypes.bool   |
| authPropsUser       | Changes the props for the first TextInput component; overwrites default                                  | React.PropTypes.node   |
| authPropsPW         | Changes the props for the second TextInput component; overwrites default                                 | React.PropTypes.node   |
| itemRef             | Sets a `ref` on the TouchableHighlight that SettingsList.Item renders to                                 | React.PropTypes.func   |

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>


## <a name='simple'>Simple Example</a>
---
Here is a simple example of the different things you can do with the module:

<img src="./documentation/simple.png" width="300" height="534">

The code behind it:

```
constructor(){
  super();
  this.onValueChange = this.onValueChange.bind(this);
  this.state = {switchValue: false};
}

render() {
  return (
    <View style={{backgroundColor:'gray',flex:1}}>
      <View style={{flex:1, marginTop:50}}>
        <SettingsList>
        	<SettingsList.Header headerText='First Grouping' headerStyle={{color:'white'}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={
              <View style={{height:30,marginLeft:10,alignSelf:'center'}}>
                <Image style={{alignSelf:'center',height:40, width:40}} source={require('./about.png')}/>
              </View>
            }
            itemWidth={50}
            title='Icon Example'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Icon Example Pressed')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            hasNavArrow={false}
            switchState={this.state.switchValue}
            switchOnValueChange={this.onValueChange}
            hasSwitch={true}
            title='Switch Example'/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            title='Different Colors Example'
            backgroundColor='#D1D1D1'
            titleStyle={{color:'blue'}}
            arrowStyle={{tintColor:'blue'}}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Different Colors Example Pressed')}/>
          <SettingsList.Header headerText='Different Grouping' headerStyle={{color:'white', marginTop:50}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item titleInfo='Some Information' hasNavArrow={false} title='Information Example'/>
          <SettingsList.Item title='Settings 1'/>
          <SettingsList.Item title='Settings 2'/>
        </SettingsList>
      </View>
    </View>
  );
}

onValueChange(value){
  this.setState({switchValue: value});
}
```

###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>

## <a name='realistic'>A more realistic example</a>

---
Here is an example that looks very very close to the default iPhone settings page.


<img src="./documentation/realistic.png" width="300" height="534">

The code behind this is:


```
constructor(){
  super();
  this.onValueChange = this.onValueChange.bind(this);
  this.state = {switchValue: false};
}
render() {
  var bgColor = '#DCE3F4';
  return (
    <View style={{backgroundColor:'#EFEFF4',flex:1}}>
      <View style={{borderBottomWidth:1, backgroundColor:'#f7f7f8',borderColor:'#c8c7cc'}}>
        <Text style={{alignSelf:'center',marginTop:30,marginBottom:10,fontWeight:'bold',fontSize:16}}>Settings</Text>
      </View>
      <View style={{backgroundColor:'#EFEFF4',flex:1}}>
        <SettingsList borderColor='#c8c7cc' defaultItemSize={50}>
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={
                <Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/airplane.png')}/>
            }
            hasSwitch={true}
            switchState={this.state.switchValue}
            switchOnValueChange={this.onValueChange}
            hasNavArrow={false}
            title='Airplane Mode'
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/wifi.png')}/>}
            title='Wi-Fi'
            titleInfo='Bill Wi The Science Fi'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route to Wifi Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/blutooth.png')}/>}
            title='Blutooth'
            titleInfo='Off'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route to Blutooth Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/cellular.png')}/>}
            title='Cellular'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Cellular Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/hotspot.png')}/>}
            title='Personal Hotspot'
            titleInfo='Off'
            titleInfoStyle={styles.titleInfoStyle}
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Hotspot Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/notifications.png')}/>}
            title='Notifications'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Notifications Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/control.png')}/>}
            title='Control Center'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Control Center Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/dnd.png')}/>}
            title='Do Not Disturb'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Do Not Disturb Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Header headerStyle={{marginTop:15}}/>
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/general.png')}/>}
            title='General'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To General Page')}
          />
          <SettingsList.Item
            icon={<Image style={styles.imageStyle} source={require('./images/display.png')}/>}
            title='Display & Brightness'
            onPress={() => Alert.alert('Route To Display Page')}
          />
        </SettingsList>
      </View>
    </View>
  );
}
onValueChange(value){
  this.setState({switchValue: value});
}
```
Here is an example of the android page:

<img src="./documentation/android.png" width="300" height="534">

The code can be found <a href="./Example/android.js">here</a>
###### <a href='#top'>Top</a>
